Contributions welcome! Here are some ways to help with the project:

# Get some data

We want data from more journals! You can write code to scrape the data we need
for additional journals.

It's really helpful to split this work up because journal servers may have
rate-limiting that slows down the collection of data.

The result of your code should be a data frame/CSV with the following fields:

-   DOI
-   Volume
-   Issue
-   Editor (may not be available)
-   Date fields (YYYY/MM/DD, these may vary, and may have repeats)
    -   Received
    -   Revised (Likely repeat, do Revised2 etc. as needed)
    -   Accepted
    -   Final version received
    -   Published Online (may be prior to published date for older articles)
    -   Published
    -   Date of print issue
    

For one journal, or for one set of journals hosted at the same publisher,
write a script called `inst/journalname_get.R`. Put functions in
`journalname_fns.R` and document them. Deposit the data set generated by the 
script as `data/journalname.csv`.  Use roxygen to document both functions and 
data in `journalname_fns.R`

Here are some journals to get data from (add to this list):

-   PeerJ
-   PLoS One (ecology topic only)

# Check some data

The data need to be spot-checked.  Pick one of the data set and go through it
to look for scraping errors.  Modify the scraping script to adjust them.

# Crunch some numbers

If you want to do an analyis, do it as narrative code and put it in
`inst/YYYY-MM-DD-some-analyses.Rmd`.  Be sure to put your name in the YAML
metadata.  These are probably exploratory blog-post length analyses.  Once we
have several we can collate them into a manuscript

# Website

Depending on how far this project goes, it may be worthwhile to create
a website branch to display the data / post analyses.

# Authorship

If a publication comes out of this, we'll list co-authors as those who
contributed at least a data set or a major component of analysis/writing. Those
who contribute smaller patches will be in the awknowledgements. If you're
interested in authorship, it would be helpful if you let us know, either before
you start on a major analysis or with your pull request.
